Habits Reflection:
How have you seen yourself become more aware of your habits? Have you tried implementing anything new? What have the results been?
Yes, I am trying to be aware of my negative self talk and trying to be more positive. I have tried to implement a POM timer for every 30 minutes. 

Design Thinking Reflection: Cultivating Beginner’s Mind
How can beginner’s mind be helpful when it comes to thinking about your career and job search? What are some habits you could put into place to cultivate beginner’s mind regularly?
Optional additional reading: How to Cultivate Beginner’s Mind to Become a True Expert
  I think that having a beginner's mind set is going to be vital to my new career and pending job search. I am looking at every application as a new opportunity for a world of possibilities. Any new job could lead to hundreds of different possibilities and new opportunities. Due to my want to move away from Colorado, any job is a new adventure. The people that I will meet along the way are new connections, whether they are potential employers or coworkers. I need to get better at asking questions and then follow up questions when I think of them instead of staying quiet. 


Go through the Flower Exercise brainstorming worksheets linked here. Then complete your Flower Exercise final worksheet here and link that finished worksheet here.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M0Fh6e0Lbp1UJinpDOPWENX0vh7r01OcFV0dkIIVUx8/edit

Write out your top 5 strengths that you’ve seen in action this module; then write out the strengths of a software developer. Where do you see these lists overlapping? Where are they different?
Me) 1. Determation 2. Caring 3. Energetic 4. Organized 5. positive attitude  software Developer 1. Communication 2. Ability to be a good team member 3. Time management 4. Analytical mindset 5. flexible
  I feel as though I have most of the skills that are necessary to be a software developer one area I need to work on is being more flexible. I tend to be rigid sometimes and in this career you have to be flexible to change what you are doing or how you are going about it. 

Write a refined vision statement here (what new things have you discovered this week to incorporate into your vision statement?):
My vision is to use a beginners mindset to question what is acceptable in the tech industry and how we can work toward bettering society for all. 