Habits Reflection:
How have you seen yourself become more aware of your habits? Have you tried implementing anything new? What have the results been?
I have started keeping a list of 3 things that went well, and 3 things I wish had gone better everyday. I think this helps me see how far I have come from the beginning and helps my stress so I can focus instead of being overwhelmed. 

Start Where You Are (Empathize with the user -- you)
Health: how you answer “how are you”; intersection of physical, mental, and emotional health
How would you rate your overall health on a scale of 1-5? How do you currently make time for activities associated with your health? What is a small change you could make here to readjust your health ratings?
Currently I feel my health is a 3, I currently put activities that are not focused on Turing and studying aside.
I need to change this by starting to exercising again to help with my stress levels. 

Work: what you do
Make a short list of all the ways you work right now; How much value do each of those things bring to your life? How are those activities purposeful for you?
Study, repeating past projects & classwork
These bring a lot of value to my future self and my career. 
For me they serve the purpose of expanding my thinking and knowledge.  

Play: what brings you joy? Think about joy just for the pure sake of doing it; everyone benefits from this kind of play.
What activities do you do that bring you joy throughout an average week? In what ways could you make a small change to bring more joy into your life?
  Taking a walk with my dogs, hopefully everyday to get fresh air. 

Love: sense of connection; who are the people who matter in your life and how is love flowing to and from you and them?
How does love currently show up in your life? How do you show love to others right now? What adjustments would you like to make in this area?
  My husband is such an amazing support, he picks up the slack when I need help, even when I don't ask for it. I show love by putting all technology down during dinner to talk and spend time with him. 

Looking back at the 4 areas, do any problems emerge that you want to begin designing solutions for?
Yes, I need to work on my stess level as this impacts all other aspects of my life.

Define your needs, problem, and insights:
Based on what you wrote about above and your group conversation, what problems have you identified that you'd like to design solutions for? What do you already about what you want for your career? What do you still need to find out? Who or what do you want to grow into by the end of the Turing program?
I know that I want to have time for my family and be available to them and not always working. I want to grow into a more balanced person who can set work aside at the end of the day instead of stewing in my work problems.

Ideate -- challenge assumptions
When you discussed software developers with your small group on Monday, what assumptions came up about what software developers actually do? What steps could you take to challenge those assumptions and find more facts to answer the question of what developers do? In addition to what a typical software developer life could look like, what do you want yours to include?
In my group software developers are problem solvers that are great team players.
I want my life to include traveling, exploring and curiosity. I love to learn and having new experiences. 
I believe that these two can go hand in hand. 


Prototype -- start creating solutions
What is the basic threshold that your new career must meet after Turing? What would you hope WILL NOT happen in your future after Turing? What is your absolute, no-holds-barred, ideal dream for your future after Turing?
After Turing my career must be in desired front-end coding. I hope to not get a tech job and lose the skills that I have been learning. Ideally I would get a job offer somewhere outside of Colorado with a smaller company that I would be able to grow with and be an important member of the team instead of just another employee. 

Test –- solutions
Based on this week of reflections, write out your initial vision statement for your career: